{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8720\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Bootstrap Notes\
\
version 4: sass complier (not LESS compiler)\
\
jekyll works with Boostrap SAAS\
\
div 
\f1\b container
\f0\b0  (puts padding around things) or container-fluid (no padding); grids require container inside them\
\
div page-header (space around text, enlarge text)\
\
buttons, button, buttons\
\
large 1200 (lg)\
medium 992\
small 922-768\
x-small less than 768\
\
\
\
input-group\
\
class=list-inline\
\
<a class=\'93dropdown-toggle\'94\
caret is a span with class caret\
disabled class goes on the li\
tab-content is a div with more divs in it\
div id=(href of a data-toggle=\'93tab\'94)\
a badge in a span floats something to the right\
ul that\'92s a list-group creates a little box and has margin bottom of 20px\
\
Row must be placed within a container\
\
columns are direct children of rows\
\
img (class=\'93img-responsive\'94)\
img (class=\'93rounded\'94) \
img (class=\'93pull-left\'94,\'94center-block\'94)\
img (class=\'93img-thumbnail\'94)\
\
text-align is inherited (div to paragraph)\
\
put the img inside an a element\
\
to hide, class=\'93hidden-xs\'94, which is very useful for display/hiding things when width changes\
class=\'93hidden-print\'94 hides it when printing\
class=\'93visible-print\'94 reveals it when printing\
\
you and push/pull column orderings\
\
set the span \'93class = h4\'94 to create inline\
\
h1 can be made smaller with a span class = \'93small\'94\
\
make adjustments to inline elements\
\
avoid the horizontal scroll bar by changing the paragraph to have class=\'93text-justify\'94\
\
you can use class=\'93lead\'94 to enlarge the font of a paragraph\
\
<abbr title=\'93British Broadcasting Corporation\'94>BBC</abbr>\
\
ul class=\'93list-unstyled\'94\
\
span class=\'93badge\'94 New\
\
<ul class=\'93list-group\'94>\
\
<pre class=\'93pre-scrollable\'94>\
\
<var>\
<samp>Hello world!</samp>\
<kbd> keyboard tags< </kbg> keyboard tags\
\
3. Grid system\
4. Grid classes\
5. Grid Column Offset\
6. Nested Rows and Columns\
7. Bootstrap Image Gallery\
8. Responsive Utility Class\
9. Typography\
10. Paragraphs\
11. Blockquotes and Lists\
12. List Groups\
13. Code Blocks\
14. Table Classes \
15. Button Classes\
16. Icons\
17. Dropdown\
18. Button group\
19. Split button dropdown\
20. Forms\
21. Form Controls\
22. Bootstrap disable and readonly controls\
23. Validation states\
24. Controls height and width\
25. Input groups\
26. Button in input group\
27. Nav component\
28. Navbar component\
29. Breadcrumbs\
30. Pager and pagination\
31. Panel\
32. Well\
33. Labels and Badges\
34. Progress Bars\
35. Jumbotron\
36. Media Object\
37. Collapse Plugin\
38. Accordion\
39. Accordion with arrows\
40. Modal Pop-up\
41. Modal methods and events\
42. Tabs plubin\
43. Tooltip\
44. Tooltip manual trigger\
45. Popover\
46. Alert\
47. Scrollspy\
48. Scrollspy not working\
49. Scrollspy verical menu\
50. Affix plugin - a vertical nav becomes fixed after a set distance scrolling down\
51. Image Carousel\
52. Multicolumn Carousel\
}