{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18700\viewh14200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 jQuery notes\
\
2. $document ready\
\
$(\'91document\'92).ready(function () \{\
\
\});\
$(window).load(function () - waits for images/css\
\
3. CDN - allows for faster load times; see\
\
<script src=\'93(cdn link)</script>\
<script> window.jQuery || document.write(local-jquery file)\
\
4. jQuery selectors\
  \
$(document).ready(function() \{\
	$(\'91#button1\'92).click(function() \{\
		alert(\'91jQuery Tutorial\'92);\
\
only finds the first element with the ID \
$(\'91#button2\'92)[0] returns the HTMLInputElement\
\
document.getElementById is faster\
\
5. ID selectors:\
$(element).html()\
$(\'91table tr\'92).each(function (\'85 you can iterate through each element\
$(\'91tr:even\'92) selects only the even rows\
\
6. class selectors\
$(\'91.class,.big\'92) //selects all elements with class small or big\
$(\'91.small.big\'92) // selects elements with BOTH classes\
$(\'91.small\'92).filter(\'91.big\'92) //find all elements with class \'93small\'94, then removes any elements that don\'92t have the element \'93big\'94\
\
8. attribute selector\
$(\'91[attribute]\'92)\
$(\'91[attribute=\'93name\'94]\'92)\
$(\'91div[attribute!=\'93name\'94]\'92) //finds all Div that don\'92t have an attribute = name (including divs that don\'92t have any attributes at all)\
$(\'91div:not([attribute=\'93name\'94]) //same as above\
$(\'91[title*=\'93value\'94]\'92) //Substring: finds all attributes that contain substring values\
$(\'91[title~=\'93value\'94]\'92) //Word: finds attributes with the whole word \'91myspan\'92\
$(\'91[title|=\'93value\'94]\'92) //Prefix selector: find that has title = value of value with a hyphen\
$(\'91[title]^=\'93value\'94]\'92) //Starts with selector\
$(\'91[title]$=\'93value\'94]\'92) //end with selector\
\
9. case insensitive attribute selector\
\
$(\'91div[title]\'92).filter(function () \{\
	return $(this).attr(\'91title\'92).toLowerCase() == \'93divtitle\'94;\
\}).css(\'91border\'92,\'923px solid red\'92);\
\
10. input vs :input\
input scans only input elements\
:input scans all input elements, textarea, select, etc\
\
$(\'91input[type=\'93text\'94]).each(function () \{\
	alert($(this).val());\
\
11. checked selector\
- grab the results from radio and checkout\
- you can find the length of a jQuery object\
- concatenate attribute selectors: $(\'91input[name=\'93\'92 + groupName + \'91\'93]:checked\'92);\
- $(this).val() returns the attribute value\
- $(this).val().text() returns the text found within a label\
\
12/13. Two checkbox groups\
- Really great video! Functions are computed immediately on click handler\
\
14. selected selector\
- You bind a change handler to the select html unit\
- You can also create a select with multiple selections\
- you can append html to a div element by $(\'93#divResult\'92).html();\
\
15. disabled selector\
- :disabled versus enabled\
- $(\'91input[type=\'93text\'94]:disabled\
\
16. Each function\
- return false ends the each statement\
\
17. method chaining\
- attr(\'91title\'92, \'91MY TITLE\'92) is a tooltip\
- text() does not return a jQuery object back\
\
18. JSON (javascript object notation) is an alternative to XML\
- nesting is possible\
\
19. JSON object to string\
- var jsonString = JSON.stringify(JSONObject)\
- var array = JSON.parse(jsonString)\
- to iterate through the array, use $.each(array, function (i, item) \{\'85\
\
20. .NET object to JSON string, JSON string to .NET object\
\
\'97\'97USE SCREENSHOTS BELOW\'97\'97\
\
41. fadeOut(miliseconds) makes an element display none\
\
52. <table> <tr = table row><td = table data)\
align = \'93center\'94 //moves something to the center of the screen\
border = 1\
style = \'91border-collapse:collapse\'92 - this makes the borders all equivalent\
\
$(window).scroll(function () \{\}) executes the function whenever the window is scrolled\
\
$(window).scrollTop() returns the height of the top of the browser from the top of the window\
\
89. DID NOT WATCH THIS VIDEO}