{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11080\viewh19000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Project6\
\

\f1\b I can\'92t say I have the most experience with WordPress development, but I admire the work your firm does, and I\'92m eager to learn as much as I can. If possible, I\'92d be happy to start off as an intern to get my feet wet. 
\f0\b0 I love web design, and I love to learn how to make websites faster, more accessible, and more enjoyable to use. \
\
I\'92ve been experimenting with WordPress custom theming, and I took a course this past week specifically on making a wordpress theme from scratch.\
\
Learning SASS - nesting, variables, mixins\
\
Gulp - concatenate and minify scripts, coverts SASS into CSS\
\
I had a chance to see some of the work you\'92ve done, and I think it\'92s really cool and down my alley. \
\
Interesting variety of clients\
\
This is exactly what I want to do. I want to build websites for people.\
\
I did app academy last year, stopped around half-way, finished the curriculum at my own page in September.\
\
I had a few interviews last week.\
\
Here\'92s a wordpress theme I built from scratch. I know, it\'92s not very impressive, but it shows around a week of studying my own.\
\
1. I know how to build a website from scratch using Jekyll/React\
2. I know how to make a website responsive\
3. I understand the box model for CSS and accessible rich internet applications\
4. I\'92ve built a Wordpress blog before, and, this week, a custom theme from scratch\
\
\
Questions\
1. How can I help out right now? Are there projects that I can help contribute toward?\
2. \
\
\
\
\
WordPress hosting:\
1. optimized for Wordpress\
2. Auto-updates\
3. Bulletproof Security\
4. Super speed\
5. Auto-backups\
6. 24/7 support\
7. Flexible and scalable for huge traffic\
\
\
\
\
\
clackamas community college website redesign\
accessible by clip: rect(0,0,0,0)\
\
California Perinatal Quality Care Collaborate - Owl Carousel works for Drupal and WordPress\
\
greater good berkeley edu - bootstrap\
\
Elan Home Systems: slick slider\
\
Center For The Art of Translation: beautiful layout of journal and books\
\
Draper Richard Kaplan Foundation: excellent portfolio search and filter! and excellent use of borders\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.vaughnconstruction.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.vaughnconstruction.com/}} - nice layout of content}